So, like we did with the ERC-20 standard for used OpenZeppelin,
we will do the same to create ERC721 tokens.
Now, OpenZeppelin if you see on the screen right now,
is a library for writing smart contracts on Ethereum.
With OpenZeppelin, you can quickly build your own token contracts.
They have already implemented all these functions.
You can just use some basic parameters and definitions,
and just use or import one of the token files.
So, let me show you how OpenZeppelins GitHub page and they've implemented that.
So, if you open up this page,
you'll see, let me just zoom in a little bit.
If you go in the contracts folder,
and we did all this process,
going to dib the ERC-20 tokens also.
So, let's go to token,
and then if you see we have ERC-20 that we use last time,
and this is ERC721 this time.
So now, let's get started making this version.
So, I'm going to go back to my terminal again.
So, if you see I'm not in my starNotary version one folder anymore, I'm outside it.
Now, let's go make another folder here or a directory,
and let's call this a version two.
Fantastic. Now, let's cd into it.
So, everything empty for now, there's nothing inside it.
Now, we're going to do a Truffle unbox Webpack,
and this is exactly what we did.
So, we're creating a directory,
now we're using a webpack Truffle box,
so that comes with a lot of boilerplate code.
Then, we can go and change, and edit link just like we did on version one.
So, let's do Truffle unbox webpack.
Now, this takes a little while.
So, let me walk you through some of the contracts while it takes that.
So, let's go look at how this contract is implemented.
I'm going to show you a little bit more detail in the next videos,
but this is how it's implemented right there.
So, if you see we have mappings here,
they've implemented all that stuff that we were doing
on our own if you looked at the basic, this one,
this interface, but they've implemented all these functions now for us,
and all we have to do is import this file.
So, we have functions like balance off.
We have owner off,
and then we're going to walk through
a little bit more detail in some of these functions over here.
But, just broadly going through,
we have getApproved function implemented,
we have setApprovalForAll function implemented,
we have isApproved function implemented, and then,
we also have transferFrom function implemented, safeTransferFrom function.
Remember, we did it two different ways,
safeTransferFrom one way that does not have the data,
they've already implemented this and this one accepts the data.
So, all these functions are implemented.
Also, remember, like we said,
ERC721 standard just tells you what functions you should implement,
but you can always add more.
So, their function that exists to make sure the token exists.
Then, we also have a function called minting,
that we were possibly going to use.
We have function called burn, addTokenTo, removeTokenTo.
In fact, functions, the interesting part of
Solidity of the function definitions are pretty simple.
Basically, seen functions just a couple lines.
So, go through them and see how much you understand,
and let's go back and see if it's happened. So, fantastic.
So, everything is all taken care of.
In the next video,
I'm actually going to walk you through some of
these changes and import everything into our directory,
and see how everything works.